# 2022 August - IBM Neuro-Symbolic AI Summer School

For more information and access to the event recordings, see the full blog [here](https://ibm.github.io/neuro-symbolic-ai/events/ns-summerschool2022/).

A new era of AI is rapidly emerging: neuro-symbolic AI combines knowledge-driven, symbolic AI with more traditional data-driven machine learning approaches. IBM is a leader in the research and development of neuro-symbolic AI technologies and we invite graduate students, AI practitioners, and anyone interested in this emerging field to participate in the 2022 IBM Neuro-Symbolic AI Summer School, to take place online on August 8-9 of this year.

The Summer School is a follow-on to the IBM Neuro-Symbolic AI Workshop held online in January 2022 (http://ibm.biz/ns-wkshp), which showcased the breadth and depth of the work being done in this field at IBM and by our collaborators. Participation in the first workshop is not a prerequisite for attending this year’s Summer School. All talks in the Summer School are meant to be self-contained.

The key properties of a neuro-symbolic system include:

Explainability by construction; the reasons a model makes its decisions should be open to inspection, without the need to do explanatory data analysis;
Learning with less and zero-shot learning; the system needs to be able to reason over the domain and over acquired knowledge;
Generalization of the solutions to unseen tasks and unforeseen data distributions.
IBM has demonstrated that natural language processing via the neuro-symbolic approach can achieve quantitatively and qualitatively state-of-the-art results, including handling more complex examples than is possible with today’s AI.

The summer school will include talks from over 25 IBMers in various areas of theory and the application of neuro-symbolic AI. We will also have a distinguished external speaker to share an overview of neuro-symbolic AI and its history. The agenda is a balance of educational content on neuro-symbolic AI and a discussion of recent results.

This is a virtual event and the registration for the event is free. The registered participants will get access to the recording of all sessions after the event.
